Fix drop down counter in multi state with single line (#503)
mondaycom/monday-ui-react-core: src/components/Dropdown/__stories__/dropdown.stories.mdx

  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Multi line states

> Drop down component support multiple options selection in two different state - single line and multiple lines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Dropdown>` component supports multiple options selection in two different state - single line and multiple lines.
```

<Canvas>

>   <Story name="Multi line states">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Story name="Multi-choice with different states">
```
